# 201 Project
In my project, I set out to create randomly generated visuals using p5.js. I decided to create a project that shows triangles filling the screen, while playing a bubble sound in the background. Creating this allowed me to experiment with the p5.js library and all of the functions it has to offer, display both audio and visual effects by running the same program.

One of the coolest aspects of the project was the ability to leverage the randomness provided by p5.js. Before I decided on my final design, I played around with a couple different ideas using various shapes and colors and implementing the randomness. This was interesting because I was able to make it so that the display looked different each time I ran my code. By randomizing the colors, locations, and sizes of the triangles, I was able to make it appear as though the triangles were coloring the whole screen as they appeared randombly frame by frame as the program runs. 

Integrating the background bubble sound was the easiest part of the project. I was able to look at the examples of code we were given and use the same format in implementing the sound using only a few lines. Once I downloaded and uploaded an mp3 file, the rest was very easy to get to run. I found it cool how I could make the sound either run once when the code is run or run on a continuous loop until the stop button was hit. 

Throughout the development process, I found the p5.js resources to be very helpful. Navigating through the documentation and examples helped me understand the library's capabilities and guided my decision-making process when selecting functions for specific tasks. This allowed me to recognize how useful p5.js can be for all sorts of projects and how it can be very easy to pick up for someone who knows how to use reference code and function descriptions to create their own project.

In conclusion, this project was interesting and very beneficial in learning to use p5.js. It is very clear how useful this can be for any person who wants to design an animation. Additionally, as someone who has never used html before, it was cool to see how html is used in the setup file and how all of the files run together to create the final project. I did find it to be a bit challenging in the slight variations in syntax between the p5.js and the programming languages that I am used to, for example, I kept forgetting that I was not writing in python and kept using ":" after a loop rather than brackets. As a whole, despite these tiny challenges, I found the p5.js program to be very easy to understand. 

The most challenging part of the project was figuring out how to use github. I have never experienced any work using a github repository before, so I found the step by step instructions to be very useful. At first, I tried to figure it out on my own, and found that I was not able to navigate github and produce a website without help from the slides from class. I think knowing how to use github will be very useful to me in the future, so I am glad I was able to gain some experience in it.   
